https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-15832 Obs note update (#7342)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observability_alerts.adoc

Continue reading for ways to silence alerts:

- To silence a {acm-short} alert, you must have access to the `alertmanager` pods in the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. For example, enter the following command in the `observability-alertmanager-0` pod terminal to silence `SampleAlert`: 

+
[source,bash]
----

> amtool silence add --alertmanager.url="http://localhost:9093" --author="user" --comment="Silencing sample alert" alertname="SampleAlert"

Reviewer: We're repeating this command twice, here and on L211 below.

> amtool silence add --observability-alertmanager-0.url="http://localhost:9093" --author="user" --comment="Silencing sample alert" alertname="SampleAlert"

Reviewer: The original command (below) is the correct one. This here is incorrect.

Author: Updated

Continue reading for ways to silence alerts:

> - To silence a {acm-short} alert, you must have access to the `alertmanager` pods, for example, `observability-alertmanager-0`, in the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. For example, enter the following command in any `alertmanager` pod terminal to silence `SampleAlert`: 

Reviewer 2: There are quite a few commas. @oafischer what do you think about this suggestion? I imagine the command might also need to be updated since it's a specific example. I'm not sure how the command might change tho.
```suggestion
- To silence a {acm-short} alert, you must have access to the `alertmanager` pods in the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. For example, enter the following command in the `observability-alertmanager-0` pod terminal to silence `SampleAlert`: 

+
[source,bash]
----
amtool silence add --observability-alertmanager-0.url="http://localhost:9093" --author="user" --comment="Silencing sample alert" alertname="SampleAlert"
----
```

OR 

- To silence a {acm-short} alert, you must have access to the `alertmanager` pods in the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. For example, you can silence alerts for the `observability-alertmanager-0` pod. Enter the following command in any `alertmanager` pod terminal to silence `SampleAlert`:

Author: I like your suggestion, I'll go with that. Thanks!

Author: @jacobbaungard Let us know if the command needs to be updated as well.
